# -CS-360-Mobile-Architect-Programming
  Event Planner, is an application that allows for users to create an account, or login if they are a returning user. Upon login in, they are able to create and set dates, create names, and have the ability to choose whether to be sent alerts to your phone. The primary goal of the application is to allow for users to be more organized. Upon development, there are a total of three screens, the login/setup screen, the date screen, and lastly the view dates screen. This is designed in a way that helps users to smoothly navigate from page to page, without any trouble whatsoever. The UI designs had the users in mind because the user can clearly see where to put information such as on every page it is titled. For example, on the login page, it says login, and on the view dates page it is titled view dates. The developing process of the application was a bit of a challenge. I first added a database so I could store different information. I didn't really apply any specific techniques, but I feel like for better reference, I would want to create a list so that I could get a better idea of what I'm working with. I tested the code by running it and making sure the build was sucessful. THis process is specifically improtant because it helps reveal where you may need to rewrite areas of code, or change your throught process. From the full app design I had to create less screens. Initially before I started the project, I had more than three screens. Then I realized that it could be simplified even more. Another challenge I had to overcome was making sure that the project was saved, because for some reason Android Studio wasn't working correctly on my PC. So it was an additional challenge. Perhaps one of the easiest thing to create, was the UI. After seeing examples of user friendly UI's it was fairly easy to replicate that in my project. 
